we from Stofzuigerdiscounter.nl we again
a mega weekend bangers namely it
This vacuum cleaner section is normally priced
499 euros to the boil t
222 euros on this fully automatic robot
vacuum cleaner
in this stupid money of course again
Friday 12 noon to Monday 12 noon check
or the level gauge for runs on
you can of course simply use this vacuum cleaner
order online come to your home
next day delivery
if you have other needs in terms of
I think vacuum cleaner is the best
stofzuigerdiscounter.nl here the to the
welcome
this is the samsung navibot 8845 is one
robot vacuum cleaner
So when you sleep makes
he cleans your house
the specifications of this samsung
robotic vacuum cleaner he bagless
it a 0.5 liter container
makes 73
decibel sound he wants an environment
scanner and on a battery
it does 120 square meters
this robot vacuum cleaner that just makes
automatically clean and it saves
of course a lot of time for those
that normally needs cleaning
This robot vacuum cleaner works through it
of four different programs
automatic program
the local program the program that
He remains just suck it until the
battery is empty and then returns
to his docking station
or the mail from my hand with a
remote control
this goes with the automatic program
robot vacuum cleaner the middle of his 36
scan sensors first
together with the camera where it should suck
and then he just goes to pattern
just as long as making times everywhere
then it has been local
program what he does then is at the
place a robot vacuum cleaner in a jet
of one and a half meters stays just as long
when it is completely clean and
of course ideal refresh somewhere
I messed up then we still have it
extensive program then it stays just
clean as long as he battery
is low and he just drives
automatically back to swingsteesjun
where it can recharge itself then
have the manual program that do
you through this
remote control via the we actually
by applying a vacuum cleaner as yes
such as steerable car
you can also use this robot vacuum cleaner
tuna as required
for example, do you want that Monday
you only want the edges
for example, a week in the kitchen on Tuesday
or that you do for example on Wednesday
by doing the living room you can
set it the way you would
want
you can also do this robot vacuum cleaner yourself
indicate when you want it to start
with cleaning meant if you were 12 hours
go to bed then you can say on
Monday he starts at 12 a.m.
at maybe an hour you were allowed
Well just be away during the day then you can
also just give up job i want him on
that time , no matter how
so you come back have a job for this
done at the time you like it
would like
were allowed to go to small obstacles such as
do not dress any cables or a thin one
problem this robot vacuum cleaner
is just about the obstacles of one
one and a half centimeters
zoë this robot vacuum cleaner has that
all your house scanned and of course
but if you still had an obstacle
encountering that is no problem at all
namely have anti-moth systems
as very softly ticking on something
then he immediately ticks back so that he
no obstacles
this robot also has a heart attack
vacuum cleaner and security
These are then lifted closing
straight out so there are no fingers anywhere
could intervene
the virtual guard is included
to you that he does not progress beyond
the wood here and not on the tiles
we put it here
create a virtual wall and you will
never get further than here